Add stationType property to station (#69)
Intralogistics-2X-LIF/Layout-Interchange-Format: LIF.md

| stationId |  | string | Unique identifier of the station across all layouts within this LIF file.  Note: It is recommended that stationIds match and align between all LIFs from all vehicle integrators and other load handling systems such as WMSs, as well as physical visual labelling and the like. |
| interactionNodeIds[string] |  | array of string | List of nodeIds for this station.  These are the nodes that represent the position at which interaction with this station takes place. Multiple nodes can be listed for stations which can be accessed in multiple ways (such as stations that can be approached from multiple directions, e.g.: a station which can receive a EUR pallet longitudinally or laterally). This attribute must not be empty; there must be at least one nodeId.  Note: The decision of which nodeId is used is the responsibility of the (third-party) master control system. Choosing the correct interaction node may require that the (third-party) master control system considers the list of load sets defined on the edge or edges leading to the interaction node. |

> | *stationName* |  | string | Name of the station. Used to forward to the vehicle as part of the pick or drop action. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *stationName* |  | string | Name of the station. May be used and forwarded to the vehicle as part of a VDA5050 order, such as a pick or drop action. |
```

> | *stationType* |  | string | Type of the station. Used to forward to the vehicle as part of the pick or drop action. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *stationType* |  | string | Type of the station. May be used and forwarded to the vehicle as part of a VDA5050 order, such as a pick or drop action. |
```
